I'm standing straight and tall I'm ready
for the hall high four three two zero
yeah this is their first experience in
school for the most part a lot of them
have been in daycare or some sort of
childcare setting but then when they
come to public school it's just
different
can you drive yes in my classroom I use
a project approach to learning and I let
the kids guide the curriculum what do
you think of that idea I think that it's
more important for the children to
determine what the curriculum is so that
they stay engaged if they're not engaged
then I spend my day managing behavior
versus letting them be able to discover
and explore and construct their own
knowledge of something we spend a lot of
time learning what patience is and
waiting because life is full of waiting
and so I draw their stick with their
name on it and then I asked them to tell
me where they're going to play with
these that holds them accountable that
is them saying I'm going to go play in
the dough so they know they're going to
go to the sensory table and play in the
dough that like they they've claimed
that spot they're going there they
claimed their play the materials I bring
in are mostly natural materials they're
open-ended and the fact that they're not
task oriented because I want them to be
able to explore those materials and use
them for as long as possible instead of
just having a specific task set to it
like a puzzle once the puzzles done
nothing to do move on
hi those tools that they use in everyday
life automatically gives them a sense of
responsibility interest they can respect
so they can see that I respect them
enough to use adult tools we have safety
procedures to use them safely so if
they're going to get out hammers and
things like that then they each have
their safety glasses on I'm gonna pass
around with Allen if you have the owl
you can share share times we we do it at
least two times a day that gives me an
idea of who's following who I get to see
a lot in classroom dynamics and
relationships during those little times
like that Ellie and if anybody has the
ow
only they can boss that's right because
that helps us remember that we need to
be respectful and listen to people share
their story right oh six or five weeks
from now on my meetings gonna open up
her pool and we can go and me and my
brother and daddy and Katie and
Charlotte can go swim in it my sister
fell off the slide when she was a baby
my daddy um we got hit by linemen when
he was a little boy really I get I try
to take an alternate activity outside I
just kind of looked on the playground at
the students who weren't really engaged
they see me over there they know that
I'm doing something so if they want to
come over they know they can but most
will choose to play it's just different
on different days and also depends what
the activity is I'm done I'm gonna
squirt huh
that's loud on top doing a big phone oh
yeah I'm not just get it like I wanted
make well this is sort of my way of
doing an assessment and so instead of
sitting down or clicking on bubbles on
the computer screen to answer questions
I do my assessments like this what's the
job of a clown he makes it
I was kind of looking for oral language
what they could tell me what words they
were using we had just started talking
about clouds so this was all very new
but I wanted to see if they were using
any weather vocabulary that we had
talked about cuz what because because to
the flowers okay all right so here's
what we're going to do I wanted to see
if they were gathering any information
and using those context clues to kind of
make a different analysis of what
happened with a cloud and water how many
drops do you think you'll put in before
it rains all right
the level of learning is so much deeper
if they construct their knowledge with
that it's time to start cleaning up our
centers we hope that the things we're
doing build their self confidence and
get them those social-emotional skills
that they need to go on and collaborate
and work together in kindergarten